add deploy-9 docs (#2649)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/security/configure-keystores-in-wso2-products.md

# Configure Keystores

> After you have [created a new keystore](../../../deploy/security/create-new-keystores) and updated the `client-truststore.jks` file, you need to update a few configuration files in order to make the keystores work. Note that keystores are used for multiple functions in WSO2 Identity Server, which includes authenticating communication over SSL/TLS, encrypting pass words, and other confidential information in configuration files etc. Therefore, you must update the specific configuration files with the updated keystore information. For example, you may have separate keystores for the purpose of encrypting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have [created a new keystore](../../../deploy/security/create-new-keystores) and updated the `client-truststore.jks` file, you need to update a few configuration files in order to make the keystores work. Note that keystores are used for multiple functions in WSO2 Identity Server, which includes authenticating communication over SSL/TLS, encrypting passwords, and other confidential information in configuration files, etc. Therefore, you must update the specific configuration files with the updated keystore information. For example, you may have separate keystores for the purpose of encrypting
```

    The WSO2 Identity Server keystore is located at `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security/wso2carbon.jks` while the default trust-store is at `<IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security/client-truststore.jks`. This can be configured by specifying it in the `deployment.toml` file that is stored in the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/` directory. This keystore is used for the following functions in WSO2 Identity Server by default.

-   **Encrypting/decrypting** passwords and other confidential information, which are maintained in various configuration files as well as internal datastores. Note that you also have the option of
    [separating the keystore for encrypting information in internal datastores](#configure-a-separate-keystore-for-encrypting-data-in-internal-data-stores).
-   **Signing messages** when WSO2 Identity Server communicates with external parties (such SAML, OIDC id_token signing). 

---

## Configure a separate keystore for encrypting data in internal datastores

!!! info 
    This is available as part of the Crypto Service. It is an extensible framework that facilitates the cryptography needs of WSO2 Identity Server.

> Currently, the primary keystore configured in `deployment.toml` is used for internal data encryption (encrypting data in internal datastores and configuration files) as well as for signing messages that are communicated with external parties. However, it is sometimes a common requirement to have separate keystores for communicating messages with external parties (such SAML, OIDC id_token signing) and for encrypting information in internal datastores. This is because, for the first scenario of signing messages, the keystore certificates need to be frequently renewed. However, for encrypting information in internal datastores, the keystore certificates should not be changed frequently because the data that is already encrypted will become unusable every time the certificate changes.

Reviewer: `deployment.toml` -> shouldn't we provide the directory path for this file?

Author: We have given it in the steps below.
